I call for a ruling from the chair.
I think that question has been asked and answered.
It will be found in the records.
He is twenty-one.
He's up there.
Mr. Thorne, proceed.
So, Mr. Secretary, I can't use the phone.
Mr. Secretary, not a fact that the Navy waters before those issues,
a list was sent over to Mr. Adams, your knowledge,
containing the name of additional communists.
When I thought I would throw that in sight,
a list was communicated to Mr. Adams,
either in writing or telephonically,
containing six names, not the communists in the military,
and that we ask for the production of those people before this subcommittee.
Mr. Chairman, I do not understand what Mr. Thorne refers to as this report.
You'll be in the...
I'm referring to the army of men making charges against Senator McCaw,
the Mr. Car and myself, which are through a fall,
the work of our committee and the occasion of the presence of all of us in this room, sir.
The report of March 11, 1954,
reporting to be a chronological account of events from 34 pages long.
That was the matter to which I refer,
and my question is to the Secretary, Mr. Welch,
whether or not he knows that the Navy for that report was released.
The Secretary's office was asked to produce before this committee,
which is an additional communist, then currently in the military.
Here, here, that's my question to the Secretary.
Mr. Adams informs me that there was a request made in connection with six people.
I don't know whether they were communists or not.
Now, sir, my next question to you is this, Mr. Secretary.
As Mr. Adams likewise informed you that he had told Mr. Car
that if we would stop the hearings and call no more of these communists,
or people who had covered them up, this report would not be issued.
I never heard any such thing.
Mr. Adams tell you he had called Mr. Car and invited him to lunch
and taken him to the Methodist but the lunch a few days before this report was issued.
I should think that you've asked Mr. Adams these questions,
but I don't know about them.
So I'm inquiring about very important matters which I know, but I don't know about them.
Why don't you ask the frontiers?
Mr. Chairman, before this his question was dismissed,
I have no recollection, Mr. Adams.
I should be questioned.
All right, sir.
If you have testimony here and see if I understand that you have no recollection
of Mr. Adams telling you of a lunch and meeting with Mr. Frank Car of Alistair
a few days before this report was issued.
I don't remember that at all.
You don't remember that at all.
I do not recall it.
If Mr. Adams made any representation at that lunch and meeting
with the acting with your permission or without your permission,
he was acting on his own.
He was acting strictly on his own.
That's correct.
In other words, he would have had no authority from you to say that if our hearings were stopped
in the end, but normal accompaniment in the army of people who covered them up,
a report which would be embarrassing to us was not the issue.
He certainly would have no such authority to think for me on that way at any time,
at any place, in any lunch room.
I see.
And he did not discuss with you any communication with Mr. Car myself
or Senator McRathy on this round.
That's right.
I answered that question.
I see.
I want to get that very clear.
As I said, it's not very tough.
I answered that question.
Very well.
Now sir, the next question is this.
Have you had a chance to confer with your counsel and have they been able to advise you whether
there is any provision in the laws of this land which gives immunity from the expertise
to members of the loyalty board of your office?
Mr. Chairman, that I think was the subject of a memorandum.
That is, it was the subject of a memorandum which I believe it has been delivered and is
important.
Yes sir, and I find that not memorandum, not one citation, or a word, indicating that there
is any such immunity from response to the pina.
And that is why, having examined that memorandum, I am now, if I may, Mr. Chairman, proceeding
to question the secretary on this field.
You have to remember, and if you need part of the record, it's certainly available to me.
I have part of the record and marks it to property and given numbers.
Very well.
Number 14.
You remember seeing that you have part of the record.
And I have the last question, right?
Question, sir, the next question is this.
If you have a chance to confer with your counsel and have they been able to advise you whether
there is any provision in the laws of this land which gives immunity from the pina to members
of the law of the board, top your office.
What they have, for a point of interest, find the letters, find an engraved shirt that
they have made under the project, and it's fair that's fine, Mr. Cohn, if there were no
side teachings in the memorandum.
I say, Mr. Jackson, sir, that I read this memorandum and I see in the end not one citation
given immunity from the e-creation, specifically responding to a pina which is my question to a
lot of people.
And if I'm wrong, sir, I'm like, well, I have to confer in the five-taxion from page four.
I have a chance to read from them.
I see no such citation in there and I don't think there is any in the law of our land.
On law, I would like to see.
The woman of the record of five-taxion has told me that there is no such thing as that.
I would think this is exit, but I think he put no such regulation in there.
I would have a suggestion on the local appeal to the U.S.
and the point of order.
The most confused thing, Mr. Cohn, may it be my fault and I would say very happy and
careful Mr. Cohn, you need to find a paragraph on page five of which the Attorney General has been
decelerated in position in the next, I mean the evening of the year.
Do I understand, sir, the distance from the Attorney General Continuing to the final verse?
I thought this was from Mr. Well.
I don't know if it's from this.
Then whoever's from this, it seems to be from the Attorney General in the final verse.
Well, I thought it was from this one.
It doesn't need any general purpose.
It's made from fire and it does not know it's not a well.
Because the Chair and Fire Minister Dean, Mr. Chairman, Secretary,
Mr. Chairman, do you do some experiments from whom did you get a proof of that?
Mr. Secretary, Mr. Secretary, Mr. Chairman, I'd say to the Attorney General,
I'd say to the Attorney General, that the citizen I didn't put in the case of me
by one of Mr. Well, the citizens, the case of the Well,
the citizens, the case of the Well, the citizens, they start to talk about the well.
I don't get to tell you there's no such a charge.
This is called that.
I have a number and it was prepared by law and the defendive law.
I'm tying this law to the Nigel of the Seven Laws and I am trying to tell people what ecosistence is.
I'm trying to tell people what the law is.
I'm assuming what the Chair is explaining is dependent on the well.
If the Secretary is trying to defend the well, the citizens have been clear enough to prefer for the lawyers to do it.
But I do think that the committee is entirely known to do this.
Who did it?
I'll find out.
I don't actually know.
I presume it's positively prepared in the office of the Department of Counselor.
Mr. Chairman, may I make a guess?
I think it would be well to get back to the original question which seems to be simple and proper and it is this.
The heavy Mr. Secretary had an opportunity to confer with your counsel and receive advice from them
as to whether or not there were any directives or laws prohibiting the issuance of a subpoena to be served upon a member of a lawy-led board.
That's a simple question.
No, sir, I have not had that opportunity.
And you have received no advice from your counsel as to whether or not there is such a directive or is such a prohibitory law.
Is that correct?
I have not had any even seen this memorandum.
We've tried to prepare and get it in here.
I know that this is a subject in which the Attorney General has a great deal of interest.
And the matter has been to him.
Well, do not thank your question, Mr. Coleman.
I would very much like if I may to respond to Senator Jack Lebs.
I think he's entitled to an answer to that.
I think Coleman asked you to ask your question to the Secretary and the Secretary has given the direct answer.
I'm not going to try to get that open to anybody from any further questioning that's been clear on his way.
I think Senator Dredge did ask me to call on a question under a point of information and if you want to answer this.
I think Senator Jack Lebs and Piles have an answer.
I would like to give him one.
Senator Jack Lebs, the purpose of our ethnic questions and the purpose of my writing at this point is that I fully agree that there is no citation in the law of this land which gives immunity from response to the law of this land.
From response to a statement, the members of the Royal Devoids, it is our theory and we hope we will prove it rather rapidly that there is a reason that Mr. Stevens and Mr. Harris try to stop from calling members of the Royal Devoids,
the adherence of those members of the board would prove personally embarrassing to Mr. Stevens and Mr. Harris in that which shows that members of the board themselves had records of communist front activity and had been consistently following the clear comments.
Now, if that is the purpose of this line of interrogation and it is cited in our specification and it is one of our very strongest judges here, chairman of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court.
Thank you, Mr. Coal.
I will now add to Mr. Secretary if you can tell us of any regulation in the law of this land which would give legal authority to the recess by yourself and Mr. Attis,
that members of the Royal Devoids be held in use from physical response to the speech of subjects and that is how I conclude the role of Mr. Chairman.
I am very excited to share this.
I think you are ready to not just question the question, but we will be ready to question it.
I will now add to Mr. Secretary if you can tell us of any regulation in the law of this land which would give legal authority to the recess by yourself and Mr. Adam, that members of the law of the board be held in use from physical response to the speech.
Mr. Secretary, if this is the purpose, I think you may not be able to answer any other law you have been stated.
He doesn't have any information.
He doesn't have.
I am not a lawyer and I don't have the information but I would like to lease a case of this matter of loyalty to something in which the Attorney General has agreed in.
Mr. President, do you know of any regulation?
Do you know of any regulation governing?
As whether or not the member of the law you report is, if you need some action, it is to see you appear before the McCarty Committee.
I don't personally know about that but I am not saying a lawyer, sir.
I just don't feel confident between action and legislative.
Mr. Jenkins, I might say that we could move right on if I could get a stipulation from Mr. Wells or any other council representative that there is no such position in the law of this land.
I believe that has begun to see a little faster.
Mr. Wells, do you know how to lease a court in the Court?
I say this is always better and I don't believe that he is a wasn't in lawyer or a lawyer or a lawyer and I hope to see how he can give you a current bill of opinion.
That he is a lot of wedge and I think he is about all of the law dealing with the lawyer.
Mr. Chair, if you want, you are afraid you will have arisen well since very accurate measures.
I think if you have any direct questions or questions, how could we, I am here about to, I am in regulation that Mr. Stevens should have the right to confer with the military council.
We have really found this very comfortable.
Mr. Van Hitch, the whole purpose of our deferring this inquiry for two or three days, the given is the opportunity to get this information.
The week has shown that there was no legal authority for his attempts to stop us from calling the members of the board and go on to show that he and Mr. Adam strike to stop us from calling these members for other reasons.
Chairman, Mr. Stevens, please.
As I remember, the secretary has stated that his desire members will allow the board not to respond to the opinion.
Mr. Cohen's theory is that the McCarthy Committee had he right to the opinion members of the Lawyers of the Board and have him appear and testify.
Mr. Steve Smith, your secretary's position was that perhaps it was violated of a directive or a law.
That therefore is illegitimate point of inquiry and it is open to proof and Mr. Cohen, our Senator McCarthy, will be entitled to proof whether or not there was a directive or a law that is susceptible to proof by others.
Mr. Cohen has answered that he knows of no such restrictions himself or such laws himself and I suggest that he has no knowledge of it.
Mr. Cohen, Mr. Secretary, as Mr. Jenkins has stated, you now advise us that you know of no such law or regulations.
Would you please tell us a lot I've taken you to in your attempts to stop this committee from subpoenaing members of the Lawyers of the Board which Cleotunniers.
I've testified as to Cohen that the Attorney General is very much interested in this matter.
Mr. Chairman, this Board is talking about the question is not whether the Attorney General is interested in it.
The question is why Mr. Stevens tried to get us to stop our hearings on the members of the Lawyers.
I think the Board is having a question.
Mr. Secretary, you are not responsive to the question.
Mr. Chairman, you said the Attorney General was interested in the matter but you haven't said why.
Now what do you mean by the answer that you just made?
Well, I'm sorry. The lawyer reports for all these departments, Senator Simonton.
Presumably, they must have some general guidelines under which they're offered.
Are you inclined that you're operating now on the guidelines from the Attorney General?
I'm wondering what is the term under my hot rule that Mr. Simonton interfere with, they cost me a little bit for someone.
Being done at the leniency of the Chair, I didn't notice the point of order.
I think the Attorney General would have to write a plan.
I would have to try to identify the answer to this call.
I would have to try it out. I think it would be an interesting time.
I do believe it's a matter of point of order.
I'll make a point of order. I think a putt of them is an established for interrupting witnesses and...
It is. The point of order. I'll be sure you have to be healed.
All of the rest of my time to share these with my names.
I thank the people so healed.
I'm going to prolong these hearings and not shorten them.
If the head's been such a president of the South, I'll look in the quickly event.
Chairman, since the time I had a man I have had an hour of water, but he was asking...
You're very questions that have occurred to the Council.
And I think they're pertinent and may I or it may I or it be just this.
The question?
Mr. Cohn, question of this, Mr. Secretary, which I regard as a simple question.
And that is, it is I understandings that you have stated that you know you have no personal knowledge of any president of our other...
...actor of the directive or any law.
Reminaries and members of the Law and the Board immune from tension is the thing that is issued by the McCarthy Committee.
We start out as a predicate.
Then it's questioning it.
That's the approach of the facts.
What?
What is your justification?
What is your reason for advising the members of the Law and the Board the monster's response to the procedure?
Have I corrected the same to your question?
I'll definitely take that.
You've all stated it's out of my question.
Now assuming that you did not know what Senator signing in that view is,
that you did not know that there was a preventative directive or a law
and assuming that you had advised the member of members of the Law and the Board not to appear, why did you do that?
Well, I didn't, as I recall it personally, like any action in regards to this matter.
It's all a second hand with me.
We can produce testimony that will be first hand for you and would like to do so.
But I do know that we were trying to coordinate our policy in the Department of the Army
with early Attorney General, with the policy's affecting all oil efforts in all the parts, and we've been guided accordingly.
So now Mr. Secretary, I'll ask you another way.
Why did you, are any member of your command, any of the personnel of your command,
issue and order to any member of the Law and the Board not to respond to such issues?
I thought I'd answer that much in doubt.
That's your answer then.
I have no further question.
Do you have any time to answer?
I think there's no one else who has hired to share the time with us.
Ten of the time, if you want any of them.
I'll share that rule, that's very clear.
I'm under the rule of the procedure that you did not follow the time and process of yieldings that we did.
Very well.
All right.
Mr. Stevens, is it not a factor that, from the very early stages of our investigation going back to October,
you felt it was the personally embarrassing to you if this committee follows the fact that members of your oil people had been clearing time?
Did you not ever make such a statement to send them across the oil to me?
I never did.
Did you have any telephone conversations with me about that from your home?
I don't recall any.
Do you recall, sir, having any telephone conversations with me, from your home concerning possible embarrassment to you,
in the calling of a member or members of the loyalty board which has cleared time?
I do not recall.
Do you recall any telephone conversations you had with me from your home concerning the calling of members of the loyalty board and the manner that was treated in the press?
I don't recall.
Mr. Stone.
Mr. Stone's time has expired.
The council has been.
No other questions, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Stone, what has won you would like to ask in line with this memorandum, which is the matter of this debate?
I'm coming from the legal department of the ward department.
I would like to read, Mr. Secretary, this final paragraph.
I think this will clear it up.
Then ask you to have your regular legal talent as divorced from your special legal talent, but in theory.
Your regular legal talent and the ward department are dependent on.
Find any thought if there be one with this paragraph, because if this paragraph is correct,
as quoted from your memorandum, it seems to me that answers the questions that Mr. Stone has been asked.
Final paragraph.
A spot.
So this statement is to Brown L.I.D. One qualification.
He, meeting Brown L, he stated that if the congressional committee indicated they bona fide intentions to interrogate security board members
who are misconducting in the performance of their official duties, the board members would probably be required to respond to the convener.
Although they should be instructed, he refused to answer any question relating to their participation in the loyalty process.
Now, you have a copy of this.
I presume that you didn't hand them all in.
I think this you should have your legal department find out whether that does correctly summarize the situation or not.
And the committee will know and we can go on with that for that in the here.
Council would like to follow the stands at the target of the Senate.
Mr. Brown is very pleased that they would like to give us the Attorney General's report on the legality of the here.
You may step down, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Collier, may step to stand.
Yes, sir.
We will immediately reach out the chair will add after the meeting of the letter from the Attorney General, or the exchange of correspondence with the Attorney General.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Collier was unspoorned yesterday.
That's what it means to be sworn on.
He's done the first step when you're about to give a kiss to Ho-Too.
There's nothing but the kiss that helps you guys.
I do.
You may be seated.
Mr. Chairman, second, I would like that this time that my assistant council, Mr. Tom Kuitt,
in terrible case of witness to Mr. Chairman, I will take over and counsel for this meeting and in terrible case of witness.
Mr. Groves.
Mr. Collier at the instance of the committee that you on yesterday delivered the two and one quarter page reported copies of a memorandum from the Federal Bureau of Investigation II,
the office of Mr. Herbert Brown-El, which requires that he give this committee and a opinion on the question of whether or not that information could be released properly.
I did.
At approximately five, fifteen years ago, I delivered a letter from Senator Munt together with the two and one quarter page documents,
which I personally handed to Mr. Robert Minor, assistant to the deputy attorney general.
Do you, too, in the opinion in writing from Mr. Brown-El?
I do. It was delivered at approximately twelve o'clock today.
Who is this?
This is a letter.
I'm sorry.
I understand what you answered.
I can't even wrap it in the name of the match.
I need my letter of ten-level question, Mr. Collier.
Mr. Collier, you may.
This letter is dated May 5, 1954, and addressed to the Honorable Herbert Brown-El, Jr., United States Attorney General, Department of Justice, Washington, D.C.
As chairman of this special Invest Beating Subcommittee and by its direction, I request your opinion as to whether or not the contents or any parts thereof
can be released by this committee to the public of the following documents, one, a fifteen-page interdepartmental memorandum, dated January 26, 1951, from John Etgehers-Rupper Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, to Major General A.R. Bowling, Assistant Chief of Staff, D.2, Department of the Honour.
The Pentagon, Washington, D.C., Subject, A.R. and Pymon Coleman, S.B.N.H., B.R., this document was classified confidential.
Two.
A.2 and one quarter page letter dated January 26, 1951, from John Etgehers-Rupper Director, to Major General Bowling, Assistant Chief of Staff, D.2, Department of the Army, Washington, D.2.
This document was classified, both personal and confidential, in both. This document was furnished to the committee on May 4th, by Senator Joseph Armacosti, and is being furnished to you for your perusal.
By the barrel of this letter, Mr. Robert A. Codium, Assistant Counsel of the Special Investigating Subcommittee. Your expeditious attention to this matter will indeed be appreciated, with best wishes and kindness, personal regards.
I am cordially yours, sign, call, e-much, with you states, they renegade me.
Attorney General is only letterhead of the Office of the Attorney General Washington, D.C., dated May 6, 1954, Honorable Call, e-much, United States Senate, Washington, D.C., my dear Senate.
Upon receipt of your letter of May 5, I inquired concerning the 15 page memorandum referred to the area, and was advised that under date of January 26, 1951,
a 15 page memorandum was addressed to Major General AR bowling, Assistant Chief of Staff G2, with a copy to Major General Joseph F. Carroll, Director Special Investigation, the Inspector General, USAF, by Mr. J. Edgar Hoover, Director of the FBI.
This memorandum was classified both confidential, which means, under existing law, that its contents must not be disclosed, both in the best interest of the national security, unquote.
It was delivered by hand to the appropriate officials of the Air Force and the Army.
I inquired further to determine whether or not the Federal Bureau of Investigation or any person on its behalf, had ever authorized the delivery of this memorandum to others, and was advised that the FBI has never released or authorized the release of the memorandum, or any portion thereof, to anyone except as above state.
This question as to whether or not this memorandum can now be classified and made public has been presented to me by your letter.
The FBI has a duty as the principal intelligence agency of the government, operating within the United States and territorial possession, to call to the attention of other agencies of the executive branch of the government, information of interest to such agencies.
This is particularly true insofar as the investigators and intelligence branches of the armed services are concerned.
The director of the FBI and other intelligence and investigative agencies must be free to exchange information, one with the other, without the fear that information of a classified nature will be made public.
The FBI with its enormous responsibilities to the President, the Congress, and the American public must have the fullest cooperation from all persons who possess information bearing upon the internal security of our country.
This cannot have unless it is in a position to give assurances that its files will be kept confidential.
It has been the consistent and I believe why is policy of the Department of Justice, therefore not to disclose the contents of FBI reports or memorandum or any parts thereof.
The only exception has been in the rare case where the information contained therein has been fully testified to by a witness or witnesses in court or before congressional committees under oath,
so that no element of disclosure was in fact involved and where no confidential sources of information or investigative techniques would be disclosed.
The 15 page memorandum, ifnate public, would raise the your confidential sources of information of the FBI and confidential investigative techniques.
It contains the names of persons against whom no derogatory material has been shown and un-evaluated data as to others.
It's publication would be harmful to matters now under consideration.
I must therefore conclude that the memorandum should not be just classified and that publication of the memorandum would be contrary to the public interest.
Your second request refers to a two and one fourth-page document dated January 26, 1951, a copy of which was delivered to us by Mr. Robert A. Collier, a distance counsel of your subcommittee, and which is returned herewith.
This document reports to be a copy of a letter with a salutation quote, Major General Bowling, a distance sheet of staff G2, Department of the Army, Washington DC, sir, unquote.
It is marked both personal and confidential, unquote.
It poses with a following typewritten signature quote, sincerely yours, J. Edgar Hoover, direct, unquote.
Mr. Hoover has examined the doctor and has advised me that he never wrote any such letter.
However, this document does contain phraseology, which is identical in words and paragraphs with those contained in the 15 page memorandum referred to previously.
In addition to this, the document contains a listing of names identical with names contained in the 15 page memorandum.
After these names, there appears the words both derogatory, unquote, are, quote, no derogatory, unquote, which were not contained in the original memorandum.
Although the two and one fourth page documents were reports to be a letter signed by J. S. Erhuver, director of the FBI, these evaluations of derogatory or no derogatory were not made by him or by anyone on his behalf.
In fact, there is nothing contained in the two and one fourth page.
The following is a letter signed by J. S. Erhuver.